README.markdown, before:

VRAC CMake Modules
==================

Ryan Pavlik

<rpavlik@iastate.edu> <abiryan@ryand.net>
<http://academic.cleardefinition.com>

Iowa State University HCI Graduate Program/VRAC

Introduction
------------

This is a collection of CMake modules that I've produced during the course
of a variety of software development.  There are a number of find modules,
especially for virtual reality and physical simulation packages, some utility
modules of more general interest, and some patches or workarounds for
CMake itself.

Each module is generally documented, and depending on how busy I was
when I created it, the documentation can be fairly complete.

How to Integrate
----------------

These modules are probably best placed wholesale into a "cmake" subdirectory
of your project source.

If you use Git, try installing [git-subtree][1],
so you can easily use this repository for subtree merges, updating simply.

For the initial checkout:

	cd projectdir

	git subtree add --squash --prefix=cmake git://github.com/rpavlik/cmake-modules.git master

For updates:

	cd projectdir

	git subtree pull --squash --prefix=cmake git://github.com/rpavlik/cmake-modules.git master


How to Use
----------

At the minimum, all you have to do is add a line like this near the top
of your root CMakeLists.txt file (but not before your project() call):

	list(APPEND CMAKE_MODULE_PATH "${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/cmake")

You might also want the extra automatic features/fixes included with the
modules, for that, just add another line following the first one:

	include(UseBackportedModules)


Licenses
--------

The modules that I wrote myself are all subject to this license:

> Copyright Iowa State University 2009-2010
>
> Distributed under the Boost Software License, Version 1.0.
>
>    (See accompanying file `LICENSE_1_0.txt` or copy at
>          <http://www.boost.org/LICENSE_1_0.txt>)

Modules based on those included with CMake are under the OSI-approved
BSD license, which is included in each of those modules.  A few other modules
are modified from other sources - when in doubt, look at the .cmake.

Important License Note
----------------------

If you find this file inside of another project, rather at the top-level
directory, you're in a separate project that is making use of these modules.
That separate project can (and probably does) have its own license specifics.




[1]: http://github.com/apenwarr/git-subtree  "Git Subtree master - might also consider the fork from musixmatch"

Commit message:

Squashed 'cmake/' changes from 3441625..9df913d
9df913d Fix filename in readme
44cea96 Add script for other version control systems
c4fe8f8 Fix permissions
7d52d31 Improve juggler and osg bundling
b8a8bfa Improve runtime library dirs for juggler on windows
e36f702 Add boost 1.44
37840b6 add new cppdom version
101c117 Improve rendering of readme

git-subtree-dir: cmake
git-subtree-split: 9df913dc2efac003fa4c5c6072aa2a27aae03912

README.markdown, after:

VRAC CMake Modules
==================

Ryan Pavlik

<rpavlik@iastate.edu> <abiryan@ryand.net>
<http://academic.cleardefinition.com>

Iowa State University HCI Graduate Program/VRAC

Introduction
------------

This is a collection of CMake modules that I've produced during the course
of a variety of software development.  There are a number of find modules,
especially for virtual reality and physical simulation packages, some utility
modules of more general interest, and some patches or workarounds for
CMake itself.

Each module is generally documented, and depending on how busy I was
when I created it, the documentation can be fairly complete.

How to Integrate
----------------

These modules are probably best placed wholesale into a "cmake" subdirectory
of your project source.

If you use Git, try installing [git-subtree][1],
so you can easily use this repository for subtree merges, updating simply.

For the initial checkout:

	cd projectdir

	git subtree add --squash --prefix=cmake git://github.com/rpavlik/cmake-modules.git master

For updates:

	cd projectdir

	git subtree pull --squash --prefix=cmake git://github.com/rpavlik/cmake-modules.git master

If you use some other version control, you can export a copy of this directory
without the git metadata by calling:

    ./export-to-directory.sh yourprojectdir/cmake

You might also consider exporting to a temp directory and merging changes, since
this will not overwrite by default.  You can pass -f to overwrite existing files.

How to Use
----------

At the minimum, all you have to do is add a line like this near the top
of your root CMakeLists.txt file (but not before your project() call):

	list(APPEND CMAKE_MODULE_PATH "${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR}/cmake")

You might also want the extra automatic features/fixes included with the
modules, for that, just add another line following the first one:

	include(UseBackportedModules)


Licenses
--------

The modules that I wrote myself are all subject to this license:

> Copyright Iowa State University 2009-2010
>
> Distributed under the Boost Software License, Version 1.0.
>
> (See accompanying file `LICENSE_1_0.txt` or copy at
> <http://www.boost.org/LICENSE_1_0.txt>)

Modules based on those included with CMake are under the OSI-approved
BSD license, which is included in each of those modules.  A few other modules
are modified from other sources - when in doubt, look at the .cmake.

Important License Note!
-----------------------

If you find this file inside of another project, rather at the top-level
directory, you're in a separate project that is making use of these modules.
That separate project can (and probably does) have its own license specifics.




[1]: http://github.com/apenwarr/git-subtree  "Git Subtree master - might also consider the fork from musixmatch"
